Never have I ever farted in front of someone I liked.
Never have I ever accidentally sharted.
Never have I ever forgotten the punchline of a joke.
Never have I ever sang a song out loud and messed the lyrics.
Never have I ever walked in on someone in the bathroom.
Never have I ever had someone walk in on me in the bathroom.
Never have I ever sent a text to the wrong person.
Never have I ever tried to pass a silent fart, but it came out loud instead.
Never have I ever tripped in public.
Never have I ever wet the bed after childhood.
Never have I ever accidentally pooped my pants.
Never have I ever attempted martial arts moves while by myself.
Never have I ever drove over a curb.
Never have I ever mistaken a man for a women or vice versa.
Never have I ever laughed so hard, I peed my pants.
Never have I ever picked a wedgie in public.
Never have I ever called the wrong person, but pretended I meant to call them.
Never have I ever gone into the wrong restroom.
Never have I ever been so freaked to be outside at night, that I ran back in.
Never have I ever lost my swimwear bottoms.
Never have I ever had diarrhea at a friend's house.
Never have I ever broken a piece of furniture by sitting on it.
Never have I ever arrived somewhere late and had everyone staring at me.
Never have I ever had food stuck in my teeth all day
Never have I ever walked around with my zipper down.
Never have I ever bought a children's toy for myself.
Never have I ever recorded video of myself singing or dancing.
Never have I ever been caught picking my nose.
Never have I ever gotten something stuck in my nose.
Never have I ever greeted someone I thought was someone else.
Never have I ever gave myself a bad haircut.
Never have I ever been told I had bad breath.
Never have I ever screamed because of a bug.
Never have I ever played on my phone, trying to look like I'm doing something important.
Never have I ever practiced public speaking in the mirror.
Never have I ever had dandruff.
Never have I ever listened to Justin Bieber.
Never have I ever just looked at myself naked in the mirror.
Never have I ever pretended to wash my hands by turning the water on, just in case someone is listening.
Never have I ever smiled at someone when I realize I wasn't listening to what they were saying.
Never have I ever tried to impress a crush by seeming knowledgeable about things they liked.
Never have I ever refreshed over and over to see if I have any new messages.
Never have I ever pretended to text while you secretly take a million selfies.
Never have I ever been obsessed with One Direction.
Never have I ever imagined my life as a sitcom and who would play me.