Never have I ever sat on a public toilet.
Never have I ever put gum under a table.
Never have I ever stepped barefoot in dog poop.
Never have I ever tasted dog or cat food.
Never have I ever had a baby spit up on me.
Never have I ever thrown up after seeing someone else throw up.
Never have I ever picked my nose and ate it.
Never have I ever used someone else’s toothbrush.
Never have I ever worn someone else’s underwear.
Never have I ever used my hands as a tissue (out of necessity).
Never have I ever crop dusted an elevator.
Never have I ever peed in the pool.
Never have I ever clogged a toilet.
Never have I ever tasted earwax.
Never have I ever wiped my armpits with a towel instead of showering.
Never have I ever worn the same pair of underwear more than 3 days.
Never have I ever destroyed a public bathroom.
Never have I ever thrown up in my mouth and swallowed it.
Never have I ever used a public restroom that had no toilet paper.
Never have I ever wore perfume or cologne because I didn't have deodorant.
Never have I ever broken the '5-second rule'.
Never have I ever gotten poop on my hand.
Never have I ever had such bad diarrhea that I didn't make it to the bathroom in time.
Never have I ever thought a fart smelled good.
Never have I ever licked a coin.
Never have I ever worn the same jeans for a week without washing them.
Never have I ever changed a diaper.
Never have I ever gone more than a week without showering.
Never have I ever had a smelly burp.
Never have I ever watched pimple popping videos.
Never have I ever peeled a sunburn and enjoyed it.
Never have I ever picked a scab.
Never have I ever picked stuff out of my belly button.
Never have I ever used the bathroom and not washed my hands.
Never have I ever smelled clothing to see if they were too dirty to wear again.
Never have I ever had stinky feet.
Never have I ever let dirty dishes sit in the sink for over a week.
Never have I ever blown my nose and looked at what came out.
Never have I ever trimmed my toenails with my teeth.
Never have I ever turned underwear inside out to get more use out of it.
Never have I ever popped someone else's pimple.
Never have I ever peeling dead skin off my feet.
Never have I ever rubbed my skin to get the dead skin to roll up.
Never have I ever peed in the sink.
Never have I ever had a drop land on the toilet seat and not cleaned it off.