Never have I ever been to Disney World.
Never have I ever played Mario
Never have I ever shot a gun
Never have I ever crashed a car
Never have I ever travelled with a stranger
Never have I ever forged the signature of my parents on report card
Never have I ever failed a class.
Never have I ever stayed up for more than 24 hours
Never have I ever lost the keys of my house
Never have I ever ridden an animal
Never have I ever convinced someone to get the tattoo similar to mine
Never have I tried to cut my own hair
Never have I stood dumb during a play
Never have I ever taken a lift from a stranger
Never have I jumped out of a moving train
Never have I ever had the experience of being close to death
Never have I re-gifted something that was gifted to me
Never have I ever been out of the country.
Never have I ever regifted a gift card.
Never have I ever traveled out of state by myself.
Never have I ever flown in a helicopter.
Never have I ever been on stage in front of a crowd.
Never have I ever lied in a job interview.
Never have I ever stalked a crush.
Never have I ever sung karaoke.
Never have I ever agreed with something Donald Trump said.
Never have I ever thought about what type of dog I would be.
Never have I ever watched children's cartoons I'm too old for.
Never have I ever lost sunglasses that I was already wearing.
Never have I ever locked my keys in my car.
Never have I ever not tipped at a restaurant.
Never have I ever given money to a homeless person.
Never have I ever tried to look at the sun.
Never have I ever bungee-jumped.
Never have I ever had surgery.
Never have I ever jumped out of a plane.
Never have I ever made a wish at a fountain.
Never have I ever accidentally eaten a bug.
Never have I ever cut someone in line.
Never have I ever stayed up all night.
Never have I ever read a single Harry Potter book.
Never have I ever been inside of a library.
Never have I ever lied about my age.
Never have I ever shot a gun.
Never have I ever had a cavity.
Never have I ever been mini golfing.
Never have I ever seen an elephant in real life.
Never have I ever been to Disney World.
Never have I ever bought clothing online.
Never have I ever had someone draw a caricature of me.
Never have I ever owned an Xbox.
Never have I ever spent hours watching funny videos on Youtube.
Never have I ever seen Titanic.
Never have I ever met a celebrity.
Never have I ever thought a movie was better than the book.
Never have I ever voted.
Never have I ever owned a watch.
Never have I ever ridden a skateboard.
Never have I ever learned how to play a musical instrument.
Never have I ever seen snow.
Never have I ever finished a Sudoku puzzle.
Never have I ever Googled something so I'd know how to spell it.
Never have I ever laughed so hard that I peed in my pants
Never have I ever faked fever to miss school
Never have I ever secretly eaten my baby’s baby food
Never have I ever thought of being a student of Hogwarts
Never have I ever had a crush on my teacher
Never have I ever sang a song and the background music had stopped
Never have I ever stolen money from my father’s wallet
Never have I ever wanted to be reborn as a dog
Never have I ever wished to be a superhero
Never have I ever cried in public
Never have I ever made dumb faces looking in the mirror
Never have I ever cried watching a movie
Never have I tried to repeat an action scene in the house
Never have I wanted to read my spouse’s mind while he/she said I Love You
Never have I ever travelled alone
Never have I ever counted the number of electric poles from a moving train
Never have I wished something from a metriote.